quotes : girassol

Featured:
1.
_Dashavatar_, a 2008 animated film is an adaptation of the mythic tales of the ten ¬avatāras (incarnations) of Lord Viṣṇu. The film employs elements like time travel, comical interjections by characters, engaging soundtrack, and songs that complement the respective episodes. One such song that should be analyzed is _O Mohini O Kamini_, describing the mesmerizing charm of Mohini. Such charm does not seem too strange in mythic reality but does it really translate to the reality of the world then and now?

2.
As we continue to languish in lockdown mode, here's a flashback to the days when it first took entry into our lives, disrupting exams and generating uncertainty.


Blogs:

2.DONE
"I see that it is by no means useless to travel ,if a man wants to see something new. "

3.DONE
Batman was a symbol - was he a symbol of peace ,for me he was a symbol of balance ,he kept both the sides of evil in check.Nolan developed the character of Bruce right from the starting when his parents died to the end when he threw the bomb into the water making himself a hero for many.

4.DONE
The goal we are speaking of was the second goal scored by Maradona in the Estadio Azteca on June 22, 1986, while playing the World Cup Quarter Finals between Argentina and England . He scored this goal just 4 minutes after his infamous goal - "Hand Of God" when he slotted home with his hand beyond Peter Shilton's outstretched hands.Diego completed the second goal in just 10.6 seconds by taking 11 touches and beating 6 opponents.

5.DONE
" I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was "- the legacy of Ali is not determined by his impossible feats or the name that he made worldwide ;instead it's made up of sheer hardwork,impossible determination ,the fighting spirit of a tiger ,the belief of never giving up- that is what made " Muhammad Ali " .

6.DONE
As a lover of mystery and crime thriller my personal verdict will be that this is a must read and you wont regret after finishing it. Quoting from the ‘Spectator’, “Its Agatha Christie’s masterpiece” .